counseling skills for a leader, I would definitely say, and I keep saying
this one over and over his ability to empathize. If you have to
counsel a sailor, the first question you should ask yourself is, How
would I want someone to approach me in the same situation if I were
in that sense? And how you respond in your mind is nine times out of
10 how you should respond to that sailor? So if you don't respond
well to someone yelling and screaming at you, why would you yell and
scream at a sale? If you don't respond well to someone cursing at you,
why would you curse satisfied in a council? The situation? Um, my
thing was, in terms of Council of Sailors is a a quote man to man
or man to woman sit down personal closed door conversation where we
discussed what happened, why it happened and the reasoning behind their
behavior and how we fixed that going forward and what I have to
do in terms of being a leader going forward and what my expectations
are of him or her moving forward. So the bottom line is you communicate
and be respectful and empathize. I keep saying that you were in
for that